c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/00/6/translation.txt

// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「はい、どこにでも連れていってください♡」=“Yes, take me wherever you want♡”
「時間大丈夫？」=“You alright on time?”

> 「大丈夫じゃなくても付いていきます♡　あなたと私は一心同体ですから♡」=“Even if I wasn't, I'd still go with you♡ We're one, in body and spirit, afterall♡”

Author: ```suggestion
「大丈夫じゃなくても付いていきます♡　あなたと私は一心同体ですから♡」=“Even if I wasn't, I'd still go with you♡ We're one, in body and spirit, after all♡”
```
